WePay transaction data parsing and d3.js visualization web application. 
For this project, data parsing and file parameters are handled by the back-end
so that anonymized and compressed data can be sent to be rendered in the front-
end

@author chris williams, for WePay
@date   2014-11

===============================================================================
Gross contents, see specific files for more detailed documentation about 
components:

	- run.py
		Running run.py from the terminal will start the web app server 

	- app/
		Flask webapp with three different views/pages for different use-cases 
		and functionality. Each view has 4 components
			1. the Flask view which handles dataFiles, and optional data
			   parsing
			2. an .html page referencing
			3. a XXXpage.js script specific for the XXX page, as well as any
			   transaction visualization modules necessary for the specific
			   page.
			3. .css style sheets for the specific page
	 


		Pages/views increasing:

			http://x.x.x.x:port/domain/about --> about.html 
				
				- The only visualization component of this view is the map,
				  header and footer are static content and could easily be 
				  changed
				- aboutpage.js requires a div#vis DOM element in the html page
				  to populate with the transaction map. sizing can be set in
				  aboutpage.js
				- Currently this view passes a .json datafile parameter to the 
				  front end, which then loops on the transactions in that file
				- map.css is included for the map styles, about-lobby.css is 
				  included for the text styling

			http://x.x.x.x:port/domain/lobby --> lobby.html
				
				- This view is slightly more complex than the about view, 
				  it contains a map chart as in about.html, as well as a 
				  counter which takes a starting ct parameter and increments 
				  as transactions are animated. 
				- lobbypage.js requires a div#vis DOM element to populate with
				  the transactions map, and another element with a desired
				  id whose html contents will be replaced with transaction 
				  count values.
				- map.css is included for the map styles, about-lobby.css is 
				  included for the text styling

			http://x.x.x.x:port/domain/customer --> customer.html 

				- This is the most complex view

		
	- app/static/python/
		Python module (and script) for parsing .csv files of WePay transaction 
		data. This can be used to pre-process data, or be intergrated for live 
		parsing with the app itself. Example views of both types are provided.

	- app/static/data/
		This is the data path. All global variable paths are set to point here 
		Varying transaction data lives in data/txns/, while requried/static map 
		coordinate data for the visualization lives in data/maps

	- app/static/js/

	- app/static/css/

	- app/static/templates/
		This is where the .html files for the three rendered views live.
		
		All of the DOM content in the customer.html view is generated by d3.js,
		so layout changes are controlled with customerpage.js

		while example DOM content is included in
===============================================================================

Front-end and Back-end design



Python dependencies:
	Pandas (transaction data parsing)
	argparse 
	Flask (webapp)

Javascript dependencies:
(these may live in the static/lib folder, or their URIs referenced):
	d3.js -- http://d3js.org/d3.v3.min.js
	geojson.js -- 
	queue.js -- 

Other:
	Lato font is referenced as a stylesheet

===============================================================================

notes about data size

views
visualization components
tunable variables?